There has been absolutely so many
changes to Instagram recently. And so in
today's episode, I'm going to break down
for you the 10 most recent Instagram
updates that you need to know that are
going to make the biggest difference for
your brand or business on Instagram.
Instagram is always changing and
according to Adam Oeri, the head of
Instagram, the algorithm changes on a
daily basis. But every once in a while,
there are massive shifts, whether it's a
new feature, a new kind of post, or a
complete change to the way Instagram is
used. And so that's what's going to be
covered in today's episode. The first
piece of Instagram news that you need to
know about is probably the most
important of all, and it is that
Instagram has added an entirely new way
to engage, an entirely new feature on
the app called reposts. Reposts are
something that we've been asking for on
Instagram pretty much since day one, and
finally, Instagram has made it a thing.
Now, what exactly is a repost? It's
similar to a retweet on Twitter or
reposts that have been available on Tik
Tok for the last few years where
basically person A can repost person B's
post and then person B's post will show
up on the feeds of anyone who follows
person A. Now, I say anyone, but it's
not necessarily going to show up on
everyone's feed, right? It's not a
guarantee. If I see your post and I
repost it, it's not guaranteed that
every single one of my followers is
going to see it, but it's kind of like I
am recommending that my followers see
it. So basically, the algorithm will
take that repost into consideration when
it's determining what my followers will
see. Now, anything that I repost, I
cannot change. I cannot edit. My name
does not go on it. Nothing changes about
the post itself besides a little tiny
bubble that will appear in the bottom
left corner that denotes that this post
was reposted by me. Additionally, this
repost will not show up on my profile
grid, but it will show up in a new tab
on my profile, which is where all
reposted posts will show. The most
common question that I've already been
receiving about reposts is, "What's the
difference between a repost and a
share?" A share is one person sending a
post to someone else, to a group chat,
or even to their Instagram stories. So,
it's sending it to a specific group of
people. If I'm sharing a post with my
wife, my wife is the only recipient. If
I'm sharing a post with my group chat of
friends, those 10 people are the only
recipients. If I'm sharing a post to my
story, theoretically, anyone who follows
me or even anyone who doesn't follow me,
just anyone who views my story, could
see that post. But the difference is
that story shares are only available for
24 hours, just like any Instagram story
is only available for 24 hours. But
because feed posts don't have an
expiration, if I reshare your post and
thus it's showing up in someone else's
feed, it could potentially show up in
their feed days or even weeks after I
originally reposted it. Additionally,
because it lives on forever in my new
reposts tab on my profile, if someone
visits my profile three years from now,
they could theoretically tap on that
reposts tab, scroll down to the bottom,
and find something that I reposted a
long time ago. Another common question
I've already been receiving is, should
we repost our own posts? And while it's
still early on, and I don't want to make
any conclusive statements yet, our early
testing and my early assumptions suggest
that no. Rather than reposting your own
posts using the Instagram built-in
repost button, you would be better off
simply posting your own post a second
time. We did a quick test of what would
happen if we reposted our own posts on a
few different profiles. And what we
found is that there was a very minor
change, but almost no change in the
views. And when we compared our own
posts that we had then reposted versus
our posts that we had just left
stagnant, there was almost no difference
in the amount of views received. And so
that suggests that reposting your own
posts probably isn't going to make a big
difference. And again, I want to make
sure that the distinction is clear. When
I'm saying reposting your own posts, I
mean using the actual new feature, the
built-in button on Instagram that is the
repost button. I am not referring to
posting your own posts a second time.
That is a strategy that I recommend.
That is something that I will always
teach and always preach. You should
constantly every 60 to 90 days be
posting your posts again. a second,
third, fourth time because if it did
well the first time, it's likely going
to do well the second time and there's a
lot of people who probably didn't see it
the first time. Another common question
I received is what's the difference
between collabing on a post versus
reposting a post? We've talked about
reposting, but collabing is the feature
where two people can kind of co-author a
post. Both of their names will appear on
the post. One person is the official
poster of the content and then they
invite two or three or even up to four
other people to collaborate on the post.
Thus, once they accept adding their name
to the post and giving them certain
additional permissions and insight
access. But there is a distinction
between collabing and reposting. And
again, the biggest difference is that if
you and someone else or you and your
second account or you and your dog want
to co-author a post, you want to have
both of your names on the post, then it
would be better to collaborate. If you
simply want to have the second account
boost the reach and help the first
account get more views, then I would
recommend reposting. So really,
reposting and collaborating solve
different problems for different use
cases. But the reason that I said this
is going to be one of the biggest
changes in Instagram history is it is an
entirely new way to engage. For the last
decade or so, we've really only had four
primary ways to engage. Like, comment,
save, and share. Sure, there are certain
other small intricacies and smaller ways
that we could engage, but at the end of
the day, those are the big four. Now, we
add a fifth with reposting. And not only
is this a brand new way to engage with
feed posts, for the last few years, I've
been preaching that shares are the best
way to grow. In fact, in my conversation
with Adam Ozeri, the head of Instagram,
he affirmed that shares are the best way
to grow.
>> You've talked about kind of the three
metrics that are best or that you would
recommend focusing on the most for
increasing reach.
>> What do you tell people when they ask
you what to talk about? Shares.
>> Yeah.
>> He asked me what do I say? And I agreed
with him that shares are the best way to
grow. Algorithmically speaking, the
algorithm will show your post to more
people when you get more shares. And
human to human, if I'm sending a post to
my wife, the post is going to get
viewed. If I'm sending a post to my
group chat of friends, they're going to
watch the post. Human behavior is
ultimately what will always drive and
dictate the algorithm. And so, humans
sharing posts with each other will
always be one of the best, if not the
best, ways to get more views on social
media. But with that being said, we now
basically have an entirely new way to
share. While reposts don't directly send
the post to someone else like a share
does, a repost is essentially a share.
It's a reshare. It's taking someone
else's post and highlighting it,
boosting it, amplifying it to your own
audience. And so while I don't believe
that reposts will replace shares in
terms of their power or their
effectiveness, I do believe that reposts
will be a more effective way to increase
your views than likes, comments, or
saves. So if I was to rank the five
different kinds of engagement on
Instagram, number one, most important,
is a share, number two is a repost,
number three is a like, number four is a
comment, and number five is a save. The
rest of this list of Instagram news
won't take as long as this one, but this
is definitely the biggest change that is
pertinent to business owners and
creators who want to grow on Instagram.
And so, I thought it was necessary that
we take the time to really fully unpack
and explain this. But before we move on,
really quickly, if you want to repost
someone else's post, you can just tap
the little button that looks kind of
like a recycle button. It's two arrows
forming a rounded square, and it will be
right between the comment button and the
share button. And then once you repost
your first post, the new tab on your
profile will appear, which is denoted by
the same icon, that little circular
arrow icon, and that's where you can see
all of the posts that you have reposted.
And last but not least, when you are
viewing your individual post insights,
you can see how many people have
reposted your post. If you go to your
Instagram notifications summary, you
will be shown when someone reposts your
post, but there won't be like a total
list of everyone who has reposted your
post. So, the only way to tell if
someone has specifically reposted your
post is either to catch the notification
in the notification summary or to go to
their individual profile and then find
your post in their reposts tab. With all
that being said, the second piece of
Instagram news that you need to know is
that the number of trial reels that you
can post per day has changed. Now, some
of you may have seen the video that I
posted a few months ago where I tried to
post 100 trial reels in one day. It was
a challenge for myself. It wasn't
necessarily a recommendation. It was
just a test to see what would happen.
Well, spoiler alert for those of you who
haven't watched that video yet, I wasn't
able to post 100 trial reels per day.
And in fact, once I got to 25, Instagram
cut me off. From there, we did a little
bit more testing and research, and we
confirmed that the limit of trial reels
that you could post per day was 25. And
since trial reels launched in December
of 2024, I've been advising that you
should spam trial reels, that you should
aggressively post as many trial reels as
you can. Now, this might sound a little
bit crazy for those of you who haven't
heard this advice already, but
essentially, a trial reel is a kind of
post that is only shown to
non-followers. So basically, it's a kind
of reel on Instagram that will never
spam or overwhelm your existing
followers. It's essentially an attempt
or an atbat, a practice opportunity to
test out new content, to reach a new
audience, or to get your post seen by
people who aren't already following you.
And so the logic was that if you're not
going to spam your existing followers,
you might as well all day long be
reposting your best post. Or I shouldn't
say repost because I don't want that to
be confusing. You should be posting a
second, third, fourth time your best
posts, your best reels as trial reels.
And again, I don't need to get too deep
into the strategy here. You can go back
and watch that previous episode about
trial reels and how to use them and the
strategy there. But the big Instagram
news is that they have really throttled
how many trial reels we can post per
day. When trial reels first launched, it
was unlimited. Then we found that the
limit was 25. Now Instagram is limiting
us to just five trial reels per day.
Now, I got in contact with some
representatives at Instagram, and I have
since learned that there's not a
universal limit of five per day. The
low-end limit is five per day, but there
are some accounts that are able to post
10, 15, 20, and some accounts that are
still even able to post up to 25 trial
reels per day. But unfortunately,
there's no way to figure out what your
account's limit is until you reach that
limit. And once you reach that limit,
some people are getting a 24-hour
restriction where they are suspended
from posting trial reels for the next 24
hours. But many people are receiving a
restriction that bans them from posting
trial reels for the next 30 days. And so
now I am recommending to you that you do
not post more than five trial reels per
day. Fortunately, if you do cross over
your limit and you do try to post more
than Instagram is allowing you to, your
normal account is not going to be
punished. You won't receive less views
or reach or engagement. nothing bad is
going to happen. Your account is not
going to be deleted. You'll just be
suspended from posting trial reels
specifically for the next 24 hours or 30
days. So, for most people, it's not an
absolutely massive deal, especially if
you're someone who didn't even know what
trial reels are or you're not really
posting that much to begin with. But, I
do want to caution you. I would not
recommend posting more than five per
day, just to be safe. Instagram has
introduced an entirely new feed for the
reals tab called the friends feed. The
friends feed is going to be a feed of
reals that the people who you follow and
who have followed you back have
interacted with in some way. So
basically imagine all of the people who
you follow who also follow you back and
everything that they have liked or
commented on. Those posts are all going
to be collected in the friends feed. And
not only are those posts going to be
collected there, you will be able to see
on each post what your friend did.
You'll be able to see their comment or
their like. it will be a highlighted
interaction. Now, my assumption is that
most people aren't going to use this
friends feed. Most people are going to
stick in just the normal reals tab. I
assume that because most people don't
use the friends feed on Tik Tok.
Additionally, a few years ago, Instagram
actually gave us a home feed that is a
friends feed and they gave us a home
feed that's in chronological order.
Something that everyone's always like,
why can't I have a chronological feed?
You can. Instagram actually introduced
it a few years ago, but no one knows
about it and no one uses it. And so I
think the same is going to happen on the
reals tab with the new friends feed. I
just don't think it's going to be very
widely used and I don't think it's going
to be necessarily that big of a
differencemaker or that big of a
strategic advantage for growing your
business or growing your brand on
Instagram. But I could see how some
casual Instagram users, people who are
using Instagram just as a normal person,
not as someone trying to grow a brand or
business, could find this feed
entertaining just to see like what their
friends are interested in. But I could
also see how this feed could get you in
a little trouble because back a few
years ago there was this thing called
the activity tab in your notifications
and it was just a running list of what
posts your friends had liked, what posts
your friends had commented on, who had
followed who and it got messy. It was
kind of like a violation of privacy. It
was definitely something that a lot of
people used to uh spy on their partners
or their children or whatever. And so I
could see how this new friends feed
could get people in trouble as well. If
you're leaving likes or leaving comments
on posts that you shouldn't be, well
then it's going to be evident and
visible in this friends feed. But don't
worry, there is a way to turn this off.
And honestly, I think you probably
should just turn this off. All you have
to do is go to your Instagram settings,
scroll down, tap the button that says
activity in friends tab, and then just
set it to no one instead of followers
you follow back. And if you thought that
feature was messy and maybe even a
little bit dangerous, well then buckle
your seat belt because this next one is
pretty wild. This next feature was
inspired by Snapchat and it's a feature
that's been around on Snapchat for years
now and it's called the Instagram map.
The Instagram map is essentially a real
time map of where all of your friends
are. Now friends is a term that I put in
quotes because friends is a term from
Instagram that is used to refer to
mutual followers. So the people who you
follow who also follow you back, those
are considered friends on Instagram. And
with this new Instagram map, your
friends could theoretically see where
you are in real time. Now, obviously,
this freaked a lot of people out. And
I'm sure that your aunt has posted on
Facebook freaking out how Meta is
tracking our location and sharing it
with everyone. And that's not
necessarily true, but I want to explain
what the reality and what the truth
actually is. First, let me tell you what
Instagram has officially been saying.
Instagram says that you will only show
up on the friends map. Thus, people can
only see your location if you
specifically turn it on. They have been
very clear from the initial announcement
and from their subsequent series of
posts and stories on every single
official channel that they have trying
to make it clear, trying to tell people
and calm the concern that no, you will
not show up on the friends map unless
you specifically enable it. But in
practice, quite a few people have
reported that they were showing up on
the friends map without their knowledge,
without turning it on, or that they were
seeing the location of someone they
know, and when they reached out to that
person, that person didn't know that
they had turned on the friends map. So,
even though Instagram is doing their
best to say, "Don't worry about it. You
won't show up unless you specifically
let us put you on the map." I think it's
a better safe than sorry situation and
you should go into your phone's settings
first and foremost and turn off location
services or at least turn off precise
location for Instagram. That way
Instagram just doesn't know your exact
location. That's a good step one and
that will protect you regardless of what
changes Instagram makes in the future.
Your location will just be hidden. But
then after that, go to your Instagram
settings. Scroll down to the button that
says story live and location and then
tap on Instagram map. When you tap on
the Instagram map for the first time, a
little pop-up window will appear that
gives you some additional details as to
what the map is and how to use it. And
then when you tap next, a settings page
will appear that gives you four
different options of how you can share
your location on the map. You can either
share your location with your friends,
which again describes anyone who you
follow and follows you back. You can
share it with your close friends, which
are people who you follow and you follow
them back. And you have specifically
chosen to add them to a list of close
friends. Third, you can share your
location with only these friends, which
is an even smaller subgroup of people
who you get to select. Again, you have
to follow them and they follow you back.
And then fourth, the final option, the
option that I'm going to recommend for
most people, is that you select no one.
That way, no one can see your exact
precise location when you're on
Instagram. Now, there are some
exceptions to this. I think if you have
a physical location business and you
have a work phone or a phone that is
only used at said business, it might be
advantageous to turn on your location.
But in reality, I just don't think most
people, most customers, most average
Instagram users are going to be using
the Instagram map all that often. And
so, I think the chances of someone
finding your exact location, coming into
your business because they found you on
the Instagram map is just relatively
low. But hey, for some businesses, I'm
sure it's going to be effective and it
might help. I just don't think it's
going to make that big of a difference.
Instagram news number five that you need
to be aware of is that the size of an
Instagram feed post, that being a photo
or a carousel, is now slightly taller.
Many of you likely remember when
Instagram first started, every picture
had to be square, a 1:1 ratio. But then
Instagram removed those constraints and
started allowing us to post horizontal
or landscape photos and vertical
portrait style photos. For the last few
years, our portrait style photos could
be a maximum ratio of four wide by five
tall. So if you convert that into
pixels, it's about 1080 by 1350. But
this is a little bit odd because most
phones when you shoot in portrait mode,
when you shoot in vertical mode, take
photos in a 3x4 ratio, which is just
ever so slightly, just a tiny bit
taller. And so then when you went to
post things on Instagram, you had to
crop in your photo a little bit. Well,
now Instagram posts can be 3x4 as well.
Converted into pixels, that is 1080x
1440. And from an Instagram growth
perspective, you should absolutely be
posting the largest photos possible.
This is what's known as digital real
estate. And so, basically, if you think
about how people normally scroll through
Instagram on their phone, if you post a
really narrow horizontal landscape style
photo, well, then people are likely to
see the post below you or the post above
you when they're seeing your post. And
because of that, obviously, it's going
to be harder to hold someone's attention
because they're kind of peeking at the
next post before they have theoretically
even finished watching your post. So,
for the last few years, I've been
telling you to post the maximum height,
the tallest post you can, which for the
last few years has been 4x5. Now, it can
be 3x4. So, it's a minor change, but I
do recommend converting all of your
future photo and carousel posts into a
3x4 ratio instead of a 4x5 ratio.
Speaking of ratio changes, Instagram
news number six that I need to report to
you on is that our Instagram profile
grids are no longer square. You might
have noticed this one already from
looking at your own Instagram profile.
Or if you haven't, go check it out. You
might not have access to it yet, but
pretty soon all Instagram profile grids
will be made up of rectangles instead of
squares. Like I said, initially this
change did receive some push back
because people are just so used to the
square profile grid. And for people who
create aesthetically pleasing profile
grids and cohesive profile grids, this
sudden change kind of threw things out
of whack and made people have to start
to redesign and rethink how their
Instagram profile grid is going to look.
Now, from a strategic perspective,
having an aesthetically pleasing profile
grid, having a cohesive profile grid is
not really that big of a deal. It's not
really going to make or break your
account's growth. There are some
exceptions to this rule. Like generally,
if you're someone who is in an
aesthetics industry, someone who's in
the beauty industry, the interior design
industry, the graphic design industry,
then it makes a little bit more sense to
have a pretty profile grid. But for most
accounts, it really doesn't make that
big of a difference to have a pretty
good-looking, cohesive, put together
profile grid. But it is something that
you need to be aware of. Basically, the
cover of your reels and the snapshot or
the cover of your photos or your
carousels is now going to be rectangular
instead of the squares that we've been
so used to. And don't worry if this is
the first time you're hearing about this
and you go and look at your Instagram
profile and everything is out of whack.
You can super easily adjust the preview
or the cover of your post by long
pressing on the post and then tapping on
the button that says adjust preview.
Oh, and one last piece of news that
relates to the grid that I wanted to let
you know about that hasn't officially
taken place yet, not everyone has
received this update. And while
Instagram has officially announced it,
it hasn't rolled out yet. And that is
that pretty soon, we're going to have
the ability to completely rearrange our
grid. Basically, we're going to be able
to put posts in whatever order we want.
Since day one on Instagram, when you
look at someone's Instagram profile,
it's been in reverse chronological
order. Meaning that the most recent post
is in the upper left and then as you
scroll down, the post get older and
older. A few years ago, of course,
Instagram introduced the ability to pin
posts where you could pin up to three
posts that stayed permanently fixed in
that first row. But now, Instagram is
going to give us the ability to
rearrange our grid completely. Again,
this hasn't been rolled out yet, so not
everyone has access to it. In fact,
almost no one has access to it at the
time of recording. But pretty soon,
we're going to be able to completely
change our grids layout. And so, if you
haven't already, make sure that you're
subscribed to this podcast so that when
that change happens, I'll be able to
update you on how you can do it and what
strategies you should use to take
advantage of this new Instagram feature.
Instagram news number seven also relates
to the Instagram profile grid. And now,
you're going to be able to make a post
that is only shared to your profile grid
and doesn't show up in your followers
feed. Why the heck would you want to do
that? Well, of course, if it's not
showing up in your followers feed,
they're not likely going to see it or
engage with it or interact with it. But
you might want to share a post only to
your profile grid for a few reasons.
Number one is if you want to make a post
that's going to become one of your
pinned posts. Pinned posts are a great
way to highlight something, give an
about me, kind of give an introduction
or talk about your offers so that people
see that right when they land on your
profile. Pin posts of course show up
right at the top of your profile and so
sometimes it can feel odd to do a
introduction post or a post that is
highlighting one of your offers and post
it to your normal feed. Now I think that
in almost all cases it's beneficial to
post the introduction post to your feed
to post about your offers to the feed.
Basically anything that I think would be
a pinned post probably should be posted
to the feed. But I could imagine
especially for those of you who really
want to keep your feed looking a certain
way. You really want only certain posts
to be shared with your followers. You
really want to have a super curated look
to your Instagram. Why you would want to
have a post show up on your profile grid
but not in your followers feed. So
basically now before you press post, you
have the option, it's a little bonus
advanced option that allows your post to
only show up in the profile grid. Now,
while I don't think that feature is
super helpful, this next one is. The
eighth new Instagram news that you need
to be aware of is that Instagram
introduced some new insights or
statistics that are so so helpful. These
analytics are going to be a gamecher for
improving your content for the future.
The first and most important new stat
that Instagram gave us is the ability to
tell exactly when someone liked our
post. If you are viewing any of your
individual reels and you click view
insights and then scroll down so you can
see the peaks in the graph which
indicate when people are liking your
reel. This might inform the best moments
of your reel. This might tell you what
was most entertaining or most helpful,
most educational. And you can also see
the valleys in the graph. These are the
moments that were most boring or that
people were least likely to actually
double tap and engage with the reel. You
can see that if at the 17-second mark
you said, "Don't forget to like this
reel." If that caused a spike in likes,
well then bingo. You now know that in
the future you should make sure to say
that if you want to get more likes. And
this change isn't just being applied to
reals. It's also being applied to
carousels where now you're going to be
able to see which carousel received the
most likes. This is going to be super
helpful for refining future carousels or
even posting carousels a second time in
the future. Let's say you posted a 10
slide carousel and you found that slide
number four was the one that received
the most likes and that 10 slide
carousel didn't have to necessarily stay
in sequential order. It wasn't important
that people saw slide two and then three
and then four and then five, etc. It
could be jumbled up order, whatever
order. Let's say it was maybe a
collection of motivational inspirational
quotes that were all about the same
topic, but they didn't necessarily have
to be in any certain order. Well, if you
looked at your insights and found that
most people liked slide number four,
well then in the future, you could post
that carousel a second time and make
slide number four the new slide number
one, thus increasing the odds that more
people will see that slide and even more
people will like it. Additionally, of
course, if you found that the
inspirational quote on slide number four
was the one that most people were
liking, well, then you could use that
inspirational quote or the idea or
similar quotes in future posts because,
you know, this is what people are really
into. And so, like I said, this is such
a helpful stat. Thank you, Instagram,
for giving us this stat. The second new
stat that they gave us is your most
followed posts. This is another stat
that I've been talking about on Build
Your Tribe for the last few months, one
that we've been asking for. And so
Instagram has finally given us a stat
that shows us exactly which reels
generated the most followers. When you
are viewing your professional dashboard,
you will now be shown a collection of
your reels organized from most followed
to least followed. Again, super helpful
to indicate where are your actual
followers coming from and what reels are
most engaging and what reels are best
for converting a new viewer into a
follower. And by the way, these reels
that are generating the most followers
would be one of the best kinds of reels
to repost as trial reels. And then last
but not least, the third statistic that
Instagram has now given us is postby
post demographics. So in the past, you
were able to see your total account
demographics. Like my followers are 72%
female. My followers are primarily from
the US. But now you can see the
demographics of your viewers of each
individual post. So, when you click view
insights on your post, you'll be able to
see who is this post being shown to,
what audience is interacting with this
post the most. It might be very helpful
to basically just double check and make
sure that your posts are hitting the
nail on the head and they're appealing
to the right audience. Let's say
theoretically your ideal target audience
was moms in the US over the age of 40
and you made a post that was going viral
and at first you're super excited.
You're like, "Oh my gosh, all these
views, all these likes, all these
comments, that's awesome." But then you
click view insights and you scroll down
and you see that the demographics of
this post are actually all men under the
age of 20 and they're all in Europe and
you're like, well, this isn't my target
audience. I can't really do anything for
this group of people. I can't serve
them. They're not my target customer. I
can't really sell to them. And so this
post, even though it's going viral, it's
reaching the wrong people. It's viral on
the wrong side of Instagram. And so then
that might be a post that you archive
that you delete because you don't want
to get a bunch of followers who are
outside of your target demographic. And
I know that might be surprising because
Brock, a viral post is awesome. Why
would I not want to go viral? Going
viral outside of your niche. Going viral
with the wrong audience can be one of
the worst things that can happen to your
Instagram and it can really hurt your
future growth. So definitely keep an eye
on this new insight, especially if one
of your posts is going viral. All right,
I know it has been a lot. Instagram is
definitely keeping me busy. They're
keeping me employed, right? I got to
keep you guys up to date with all of
these Instagram changes. So, the final
two Instagram changes that I need to let
you know about. The first one, the ninth
on our list is a new feature, a new form
of engagement, if you will, that you can
add to your reels called Reels quizzes.
A few months ago, Instagram started
allowing us to put polls on our reels,
which of course allows you to kind of
survey your audience. they can tap vote
and different percentages are assigned
based off how many people vote for what.
But now you're able to add an actual
quiz to your Instagram reel. So in your
caption there will be a voting option
where people can tap to select their
answer in the quiz and once they select
their answer it will reveal to them what
was the right answer and what was the
wrong answer. This could be used as a
fun interactive way to quiz your
audience and test their knowledge. This
could also be a way for you as a content
creator to gain information about what
your audience does and doesn't know.
This could be a fun way to allow people
to enter into a giveaway or to collect
feedback and data. There's just a lot of
fun interactive use cases for this new
reals quizzes feature. And then finally,
last but not least, is some conflicting
news. Instagram CEO Adam Moseri for
months since the initial announcement
about their edits app has said using
edits will not get you preferential
treatment on Instagram. For those of you
who are unaware, edits is a new editing
app kind of like Cap Cut but Instagram's
version of Cap Cut. And they released
this app a few months ago to some mixed
reviews. It's definitely and
intentionally a simple editing app. It
doesn't have any complex features or
capabilities. It's really just meant to
be a simplified editing tool for
Instagram specifically. But now on his
Instagram stories, Adam Moseri said that
if you use the edits app, you will
receive a little bit more reach. So you
will receive a little bit more views for
using the edits app. Now, I don't know
if I believe this to be true because we
just completed a study at the Insta Club
and it aligns with a study that came out
earlier this year from Hootsweet that
showed that where you edit your content
doesn't really make a difference. In
fact, according to these studies,
whether you edit in Instagram, in Caput,
or in the edits app, there is no change
in views or engagement. It's pretty much
all the exact same. So maybe Instagram
did their own internal study and found
that there was a slight increase to
views when using the edits app. Maybe
this is just propaganda because they
want us to use the edits app and not
enough people have been using it and so
they're trying to give us a little bit
of an incentive to do so. I'm not sure.
But the bottom line is that if you want
to experiment with the edits app, go for
it. It probably won't hurt you. But I
also don't feel that you need to use the
edits app. At the end of the day,
whatever app you prefer, whatever
editing app allows you to create the
best content is the one that I think
that you should use. I don't think
according to our own data, according to
my own assumptions and beliefs, I don't
think you're going to get that much of a
benefit or see that big of a difference
from using the edits app. So, while this
might be considered news, I don't think
it's something that you actually need to
worry about. Thank you so much for
listening today. I really appreciate it.
And if you're watching on YouTube, don't
forget to give us a thumbs up. I don't
think I've ever asked for a like on
YouTube before, so this is my first
time. Let's see if we can get to I don't
know. I'll pull a number out of my head.
Uh let's get to a,000 likes on this
video on YouTube. But thank you so much
for watching. Don't forget to subscribe
for all of our future updates and I will
see you next time. As always, happy
networking.